I wrote this file listing program as an exercise to learn gtkmm programming.
GPL licence. (see COPYING)
Used gtkmm and related libraries and boost.

compiled with gconfmm2-2.0.1 and gtkmm2-2.2.10-100

see the file INTERNATIONALIZATION for customizing this program to
other languages.

To use:

peless LIST-OF-TEXT-FILES-TO DISPLAY.

File menu and Edit menu.
File:
you can open a new file. It will be displayed as well.
yoc can close a file. It will no longer be displayed.
Of course you can quit!

Edit:

You can change the font you are using to display file.

Searching:

You can enter a new regular expression to search for. (Find)
You can search again for the same regular expression you searched
for the last time.

You can require exact case match, or not. (Upper and Lower case
does or does not matter.)

You can search in the forward or reverse direction.
(Reverse searching can be slow. Searches in the forward direction
until failure to find the last string that matches.)

You can control the type of regular expression searching:
 a) literal
	This is not regular expression searching at all, but
	simply search for a literal text string. (Searching for dummies.)
        All characters in the string are treated as literals, 
        there are no special characters or escape sequences.
	
 b  Normal normal regular expressions:
        Specifies that the grammar recognized by the regular 
        expression engine uses its normal semantics: that is the 
        same as that given in the ECMA-262, ECMAScript Language 
        Specification, Chapter 15 part 10, RegExp 
        (Regular Expression) Objects (FWD.1).
	said to be the same as the way perl searches.
 c  Basic
        Specifies that the grammar recognized by the regular 
        expression engine is the same as that used by POSIX 
        basic regular expressions in IEEE Std 1003.1-2001, 
        Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX ), Base 
        Definitions and Headers, Section 9, Regular Expressions (FWD.1).
	said to be the way sed searches. 
 d  Extended
        Specifies that the grammar recognized by the regular 
        expression engine is the same as that used by POSIX 
        extended regular expressions in IEEE Std 1003.1-2001, 
        Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX ), Base 
        Definitions and Headers, Section 9, Regular Expressions (FWD.1).
	Like egrep.

For more info see:
http://www.boost.org/libs/regex/doc/syntax_option_type.html


Send me info about problems. pelliott@io.com
